Hello everyone and welcome to the phone screen solution for the search engine company mock interview
.
So just to remind you they should be practicing your non-technical question answers.
I gave you some non-technical questions here.
These should be able to answer.
Go ahead and review the list of non-technical questions earlier in the course to really get good practice
on that as far as the solution for those.
There aren't really any correct answers here.
Just make sure you're prepared to answer the following questions about the company interviewing with
be honest friendly and ready to defend any statements you make of logical arguments to back them up
.
So if you say like Python is my favorite programming language.
Make sure you have logical arguments to back that up.
No you should always have follow up questions.
Go ahead and review the follow up questions list we have earlier in the course.
Now with that being said let's go ahead and move on to that technical question.
So here is the question right a function that computes the nth Fibonacci number.
So there's lots of ways to answer this question.
And in an interview setting you might be able you might be required to solve multiple ways and discuss
some pros and cons of each way.
So we're going to walk through the various ways of doing it.
Going to zoom in here so you can really see it.
OK.
So we're going to go through about five examples here using a looping technique using recursion using
generators using minimization.
And then also using the Moyes ation as a decorator.
All right.
So let's go ahead and discuss each of these solutions.
So we're actually going to code anything out we're just going to talk about this.
So using a looping technique what are we doing here in this particular function we're taking advantage
of Python's tuple unpacking packing here.
So we say A and B are both equal to one and then we say for Iron Range and minus one.
We're just looping through that range and resetting a equal to B and B equal to A plus B that previous
say.
Then at the end we just return a.
So pretty simple pretty straightforward.
Using recursion you may be in a situation where an entire resetting.
They specifically ask you to do this using recursion to test if you know recursion or not.
So let's go over the solution here we have our recursion sequence and then we have a base case member
recursions always have base cases so we say if and is equal to 1 or 2 in this case we're starting at
1 and 2.
You may have Zura on one depending where you start your Fibonacci sequence here or just returning one
.
Otherwise we do a recursive call the function of and minus one and and minus two.
And here we're calling on seven if we have another example using generators here again we're taking
advantage of tuple packing starting at 0 and 1 for this Fibonacci Sequence say global A B.
Because we're doing a generator we are ahead of the final.
Outside of that function and then say while true we're yielding It really really similar to that looping
statement.
But in this case we're doing a generator.
So you'd have to keep calling next in order to see all the results.
Ok then finally using memoization in this case without a decorator.
So we have memo here and we're going to take an F N and are now we're saying if Argives not already
and memo memo at that argument is equal to argument into that function and then we'll return memo at
ARG.
So those who are using keys here.
So using memoization we're going to pass in that function.
And the end number we want and set it equal to an object we put in memorize and then if we want to use
minimization as a decorator we can actually make a class really similar in function scope we say def
in it we initialize with some function set memo equal to empty here and then we say again if arge not
already in that memoization tracker that dictionary we set that argument's equal to the argument passed
into the function.
So we're keeping track of things.
And then you can use a decorator to pass it into or over that regular Fibonacci looping function.
Ok as far as depicted average relative performance went ahead and ran this on a computer so you can
get an idea here.
So redo doing unequals 15000.
And what are the results.
Let's zoom out so we can see a little more here if you're using loops recursion generators.
Memorization and memorization as a decorator.
Clearly recursion probably the worst way to go.
You should know that in your interview and that makes sense because you're having to recalculate things
over and over again.
Remember we discussed in the recursions section how you can use memoization to improve on just general
recursion.
Also loops pretty straightforward but probably the better ways to go are taking advantage of recursion
through memo ization.
All right.
Again hopefully you are able to answer at least one of these methods and the question is to get a good
idea of how to approach it.
One simple problem through multiple different methods and understand the pros and cons of each of those
.
All right thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture